4	Work
In this chapter all aspect from design and implantation of the final solution will be exposed and explained in a way the reader can follow up the design decision and the actual functionality and possibilities of it.
4.1	System Architecture overview
The system to be design must have at least 4 modules; perception module to get RGB and depth image from a camera, object segmentation module to get the needed information of the object to sort, grasp generation module that will estimate the best way for grasping the object, and robot module that will handle the communication, coordination and movement of the robot when performing the action. All these modules must be interconnected to be able to generate a functional pipeline that will allow a flexible and robust object sorting sorting.
Aswell as the mentioned modules, other extra functions were designed and cre-ated in order to facilitate the start of the system in a new environment. In Fig a wide view of the pipeline is shown for better understanding.

4.2	RGB-D Perception Module
Starting from the beginning of the pipeline, in this case the perception, where a cam-era RGB-D was chosed as the technologie for gather RGB and defth image from the same device. The drivers and communication was base on OrbbecSDK. 
This module will be used in different ways for different porpuse that will be ex-plained further in future chapters.
The hardware is place from a static positon elevated and angle facing down to the table where the robot will be working. 
4.3	Segmentation Module
In order to segment object from the data obtained from the camera module, the tak-en decision was to make a 2D RGB segmentation, find the object, segment it and apply the mask to the depth matrix, enabling the system to segment 3D objects. 
This decision was made because of the studied performance of different object segmentation models, for 2D and 3D. What was the strongest point to focus was the flexibility of the model, performance for random objects and a model that doesn’t need to be teached or tunned. 
For all this reasons SAM3 was the choosed model, as explained in previous chap-ters, it is a zero-shot, foundational model, for segmenting objects from 2D images, and in this case is the third version of an already powerful framework. 
Aswell this model will give the system the flexibility to generate and adapt work-flows depending on the final desire function.
The module is design as a Unix-socket server, that is loaded and started at the startup of the system, when the model will be loaded into the GPU, including its weights and will stay loaded all the time while the main program is running. Once started, the protocol designed protocol, works per client request, where the client send to the server a JSON file with the withd, height, prompt, size and raw image size. When reccibing this information server will run a segmentation inference and will return to that client a JSON response with ok, size of the mask, number of masks and the size of the best mask. For better understanding of the protocol look Fig 
4.4	Calibration System
When working with perception and robot actuators, it is needed to generate a correct calibration and transform matrix from the robot base to the camera, so there is a mathematical relation to transform a pixel from the camera with its depth to coordi-nates from the base of the robot. 
Calibration becomes then one of the most important in terms of accuracy and time consuming of the entire setup process, that’s why different software has been designed and programmed in order to improve the workflow.
4.4.1	Camera Intrinsics
One of the first things thant could need to be calibrated is the camera intrinsics, eventhood most of the cameras used in industry or research include them directly form factory and can be obtained from the open libraries, it could happened that there are some difference from the obtained hardware and the “average” numbers
In case of doubt a manual Intrinsic calibration module was made, so if it exist any difference between the factory information and the real camera, after following the steps and running the system, more accurate intrinsics will be generated.
4.4.2	Hand-Eye Calibration
The main part for generating this transform matrix that will correlate the robot with the camera will be explain in this section. 
The method is explained in the literature review, but here we will pass thougth the designed module and its functionalities. To achieve a reproducible and flexible system a user interface with some functionalities was designed where different robot models can be chosen, a list of target positions can be edited and saved, aruco mark-er generation, and automatic calibration calculation that includes more than one method, also the error for each method and will choose the method with less error. 
The workflow is to teach at least 15 diferent positions for the robot that will be use where the aruco marker is visible and attached to the robot end efector, (main-taining the position and orientation of the aruco marker within the robot end effec-tor is extremely important), after teached the positions the autocalibration will be ready to go, the robot will move to all the targets, when reaching each target it will stop for 2.5s to ensure the robot will be steady so the data obtained in the image is the most accurate, if the camera detect most of the squares from the marker it will take the image with the marker information and the joint information from the ro-bot. Once all positions are done the calibration solver will run 5 diferent transfor methods get its erros and choose the one with the least error, aswell the user will get a feedback on how good the hand eye calibration was made.
4.4.3	Calibration Correction
While working with hand eye calibration, there was always a noticeable error, be-cause of that one last module was made. The function of this calibration module is to correct the calculated calibration, for that one more aruko marker has to be print-ed and placed on the robot work area in the field of view of the camera, the system will display the marker coordinates form the camera and from the base of the robot, then the user will be able to send the robot the centre of the marker passing first for an approximating target. 
With this there is a empirical way of testing how good the calibration was, and in case of high error, one last function was added to this module, where using slidebars or moving the robot manually to the real and correct position for the centrer of the aruko, this calibrations errors can be fixed or at least lowered.
4.5	Coordinate Frame Trasnformations

4.6	Grasp Generation
This module will be the one that will generate the robot grasp target for the robot, the choosed model is GraspGen, since it showed the best performance results in the filed of object centric grasp generation and the team behind keep adding updates. 
For this module to work properly it needs as input the couldpoint of the segmented object, then a filter for outlayers using K-Nearest neighbors is use, aswell another input is given that is the number of desire generated grasp.
